Yuma: Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
Mr. Heartland: Welcome
duelists to heartland city.
Welcome to the
world Duel carnival!
Now then, here are the rules!
The field of play
is the entire city,
and the first phase of this
tournament will last three days.
During these three days, if
you are challenged to a duel,
you must accept that challenge.
How do you accept a challenge?
Simple: You will
Wager your heart piece.
Lose your heart piece,
and you lose your spot here.
But if you win...
you win a heart piece!
Assemble All five pieces and
you'll have won a spot in the
tournament finals.
So let the duels begin!
TORI: Wonder who'll
make the first move?
Yeah,
and who that person's
gonna challenge!
CROWD: What's his problem?
STRIKER: Outta my way!
Move it!
Since winning this tournament is
my goal, I'll let my soccer ball
pick my opponent.
What's your problem?
This is a duel tournament,
not a soccer match!
For me they're one and
the same. Now then,
get up ball boy,
'cause we're duel
so, I'm first?
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
Let's duel!
After All, this soccer
ball picked you!
Now there's no going back.
Huh? Is this guy for real?
Yeah I'm for real, and you're
in real trouble. Because if you
think I have skills when
it comes to kickin' it,
just wait till you see the moves
that I make out on the duel
field.
Are those cards on there?
Now,
put up your heart
piece and let's go!
Aw Yeah!
I like your style,
straight to business.
Oh Hey, I'm yuma tsukumo.
Who are you?
The name is striker.
Caswell: Did he say striker?
You know him?
Maybe.
That name sure
sounds familiar.
[cheering]
man A: Alright, here we go!
Time to kick this carnival off!
Let's do this!
Cuz I'm...
feeling the flow!
Duel Disk go!
Now, time to set my
sights on winning!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Together: Now let's duel!
Since you challenged,
I'll make the first
move. I draw!
and it'll be a quick one. I'll
just play one monster facedown
in defense mode.
Astral: Gogogo golem played
in defense mode?
Smart move.
With all the trash talk our
fancy foot-Working friend was
kicking up, I figured you would
foolishly go on the attack.
Clearly I am rubbing off on you.
Ya know,
if you keep taking the
credit I'll attack you!
I don't know who you're
talking to over there,
but I know that
after my first move,
you won't be talking to anyone
cuz you're gonna be speechless.
Here we go...
I draw!
Just what I was hoping, it's
the field spell card known as
stadium of dreams!
Huh?
You're kiddin' me!
This is not my look.
Cathy: So cool!
It's like we're
at a soccer game!
Indeed it is, and it looks like
we're gonna be the ones calling
it in front of all
these fine people!
And If their cheers are any
sign, I'd say this stadium of
dreams is their dream Come True!
[Cheering]
whoa! T-this can't be!
It can and it is.
And there's more too, cuz now
stadium of dreams switches all
facedowns in defense
mode to faceup!
What?
But I'm not finished.
Next I summon wing captain.
Now captain, attack!
Just 1100 attack points?
Sorry but cappy's totally
outranked by gogogo!
Not once I activate the
spell card perfect pass!
Take it, wing captain!
And take it to gogogo golem!
Cuz Now, since golem's defense
points are greater than wing
captain's attack points, my
captain's attack points double!
You can double-Team golem all
you want but it won't matter,
its special ability keeps it
from being destroyed in Battle
once per turn!
Oh didn't I mention?
Perfect Pass negates your
monster's special ability!
What?
Can you say,
gogogo-Goaaaaallll!
[Screaming]
SCOREBOARD: Gooooal!
No fair!
When you destroy a monster in
defense mode, it's not supposed
to take away any life points!
It does when cappy's attack
points are greater than your
monster's defense points.
Don't ya just love
captain's special ability?
You know what I'd love?
To last more than one
round with this guy!
I'm ending my turn
with a facedown.
Your draw yuma, if you dare!
Fight on, yuma!
After All, you have
us to cheer you on!
CHEERLEADERS: Ra-Ra!
This broadcaster's
with you, too!
Hear that yuma? We
all believe in you!
If they do,
then I believe too.
Alright,
I draw!
Nice!
I summon gagaga magician!
Now Let's kick it, gagaga!
Attack Wing captain!
Great coaching!
Gagaga Magician has 1500 attack
points and wing captain's attack
points are back to normal,
so this is a mismatch!
Alright, yuma!
Gooooaaaaal!
Nice Play, yuma!
That last goal is negated.
Negated?
How come?
I smell a trap card.
And it stinks!
Tough luck yuma, but as you can
see, I've activated my
facedown card, offside trap.
I see now.
And you're about to see wing
captain Come back too, because
with this card, my monster isn't
destroyed and I also take no
damage, plus your turn
comes to an end.
What?
So my turn's over now?
No way.
Observation #15: Soccer is a
thinking man's game; you should
stick to sleeping.
Hey!
I'm doing the best
I can here, okay?
Your best?
Is that what you call
those weak moves?
It's my turn!
I draw!
First up, I'm
summoning out top scorer!
How did he summon a level 5
monster without a tribute?
Yeah, you're so not
allowed to do that!
Ha, I am when the field spell
stadium of dreams is out.
It lets me summon top scorer
without tributing another
monster!
No fair!
Now go ahead and strike
away, top scorer!
Attack Gagaga magician!
And with your defense
now in disarray,
I'll take shot Number two!
Wing Captain, attack!
Goal!
Yuma!
I can't watch anymore!
Guess what?
I'm not done!
Next I activate a spell card,
and it's an eyeful too.
Eye contact!
Don't blink, cuz now offside
trap returns to my hand!
Next I place one
card facedown,
and end my turn!
This is some game plan Striker
has come up with. If that
facedown he just threw is
another offside Trap, that means
he'll stop any attack I make and
then my turn will be over.
Hey, are you even listening?
Of course I am listening, yuma.
So what do you think?
I think you summed it up well.
Things seem quite hopeless.
That's your advice?
Things are hopeless?
Thanks a ton coach, way
to build up my confidence here!
Oh Yes, you know it's over!
My sick skills have
you completely covered!
And there's not a thing
you can do about it, yuma!
CROWD: Ah! Dempsey!
Man C: Amazing!
Oh my!
It's Dempsey and Donovan,
the quick kicking brothers
Who play for heartland United!
But why are they here?
Wait just a minute, now I know
why striker's name
was so familiar.
It's because he's related
to Dempsey and Donovan.
He's their kid brother!
And Third son...
to world-Class
coach Keller crossit!
Talk about a family with
Some serious soccer skills.
Together, they've won
more championships
than anyone out there!
So if you're such a soccer stud,
why are you here in a duel
tournament?
I'll tell you why!
Cuz I'm nothing like my two
brothers or my father!
Do you two hear that?
I'm a duelist, not a soccer
player because in a duel,
there's no passing or assists.
It's all about getting
the job done yourself!
Somewhere, somebody once said
there's no 'I' in the word team.
Well, in dueling,
the word 'team' doesn't exist,
and I like it that way!
What are you talking about?
Dueling is all about team work.
What are you doing, yuma?
I'm setting striker
Straight, that's what.
Dueling's all about
working together!
Aw, gimme a break!
Think about IT: Wing
captain and top scorer?
They're not just monsters,
they're your teammates!
At least, that's always been the
way I look at the
monsters I summon out.
For that matter, how I look
at every card in my deck!
All your cards?
Teammates?
Focus, yuma.
It is our turn to draw now.
Oh Yeah.
Hold on, why are you
suddenly so anxious to draw?
Because of you, yuma.
That speech you gave
has given me an idea.
To win!
Time to put on your rally cap
yuma, because it
is comeback time.
I don't have a cap!
But I'm all for the rally!
My turn,
draaaaw!
And now...
I summon zubaba Buster.
Would you please not
interrupt meeee!
I summon zubaba Buster!
Then I will use the spell card
monster reborn to summon back to
the field gogogo golem!
Hey,
you're stealing all my lines!
Now Now, just consider this part
of the whole teamwork thing!
Yeah, but you forget, astral
no one can see or hear you.
Next up I'm activating the
spell card monster reborn!
And I'll use it to bring back
gogogo golem in defense mode!
Fine with me, because nothing
you bring out can possibly beat
my offside trap!
Hate to say it, but
he's gotta point there.
Maybe, but you have
got something better.
Activate the spell card cross
attack from your hand.
Do it now.
Of course!
I activate the spell
card cross attack!
Now since we have two monsters
on the field with the same
number of attack
points, one of
them can attack
striker directly!
Goal!
He scored a goal on me!
Go Yuma go!
Yeah!
What a dazzling display!
You can say that again!
In fact, I'll say it for you.
What a dazzling display!
Alright.
So you found out offside trap
can't activate against Direct
attacks!
Big deal!
It is a big deal.
After all yuma, not only does
striker now take damage from
zubaba Buster's attack, But the
monster with the fewest attack
points on his field
is also destroyed.
Sure, zubaba Buster pays a
penalty of 800 attack points
when it uses this ability, but
that is a small price to pay to
destroy a monster.
Wait just a minute,
here's another card I can use.
And I'll use it now!
I play the spell extra blast!
Since a special ability
destroyed your monster, you take
500 points of damage.
It's all tied up now!
Yuma's right back
in this thing!
Way to go, yuma!
Ya See?
That's what teamwork
can do for ya!
Now to end my turn,
I'll throw this!
And I'll throw up if ya
keep talking teamwork!
I've never believed in it!
Here, come on,
I'm open!
Pass it!
Now look what you did,
you should've kicked it to me!
We might lose cause of you!
Cause of you all!
What's with him?
i'll just have to
win all by myself!
Teammate a: I'm open!
Teammate B: Striker,
come on, pass it here!
why, so you can mess it up?
no way.
i got this.
Opponent a: He's Dempsey
and Donovan's Younger bro?
Opponent B: You wouldn't know
it from his soccer skills.
I guess we all know who was born
with Two left feet in that
family now, don't we guys?
Hey, are you okay, striker?
I'm fine!
It's all you guys
that are the problem!
This was all your fault!
DONOVAN: That's enough, striker!
The Truth is that
you're the one to blame.
Dempsey: And if you don't see
why, then you don't have any
business being here.
It was on that day that
I turned my back on soccer.
And vowed to show my brothers
that I was right. That I could
be a champion without
anyone's help!
So here I am yuma,
doing exactly that!
And no one is going to
stop me, especially not you!
Well you know what?
You're wrong!
Maybe I will stop you,
maybe I won't.
But just take a
look at your deck.
You haven't turned
your back on soccer,
it's still your passion!
I mean,
every card you have just
flat out screams it!
That's not True,
I'm over soccer now!
Yet here we are dueling
on a soccer field.
That was formed with your card.
Come on, it's okay to admit it.
You still love
the game, don't ya?
Do I?
Uh...
guess I do have
some soccer cards...
it... it...
it's my turn!
Here goes!
Perfect!
Uh Oh...
straight from my hand, I'm
summoning defending sweeper!
And when stadium of dreams
is on the field,
it gains one full level!
But I'm not done yet, I may not
believe in team work, but I
believe in this card,
the spell all for one!
and there's another!
These are all soccer
themed duel cards!
And they could
mean the end of us.
Since there are two monsters on
the field with the same type and
level, all for one allows
striker to summon an additional
monster from his graveyard so
long as it is the same
type as the other two.
Suit up wing captain,
you're back in play!
But not only does all for one
bring the captain back, it also
lets me give him
one extra level!
So now he has
three level 5 monsters?
But that means...
that means I can now overlay
level 5 top Scorer, defending
sweeper and wing captain!
And now that the overlay
network has been created,
I can xyz summon!
Come on out playmaker!
2600 attack points?
Oh No, that's enough to
eliminate yuma from
the duel carnival!
Come on out playmaker!
2600 attack points?
Oh No, that's enough to
eliminate yuma from
the duel carnival!
Now playmaker,
attack zubaba Buster!
Yuma, you have a trap to play!
You bet I do astral, and
I'm gonna play it right now!
I activate half unbreak!
Go!
Now Zubaba Buster
won't get busted,
so go ahead and do your worst!
And the best part
of half unbreak,
it cuts the damage
I take in half!
Well more Damage
is coming your way!
I activate playmaker's ability!
Now, by using One overlay Unit,
playmaker's allowed to attack
again, and this time, it's gonna
take on your strongest monster!
Go ahead, cuz my strongest
monster is gogogo golem and like
I told ya before, it can
withstand one attack per turn!
I'll just attack it again then.
And I think I'll use
my final overlay unit
for one more attack!
Zubaba Buster's the only one
left, so attack it playmaker!
I don't think so striker, cause
half unbreak is still in play!
Goal!
Yuma, no!
It's cool, Tori.
I'm fine.
Actually, I'm not just
fine, I'm great!
And Ya know why, striker?
Cuz I'm winning!
What are you talking
about, you're winning?
I just blasted
your monsters and
you only have 100
life points left!
Yeah, that's True,
but when you believe
in your teammates,
you're always winning.
Now then,
my turn!
Draw!
I'm summoning gagaga girl!
Just 1000 attack points?
How on earth is that
gonna help you...
now Yuma's got
two level 3's out.
Well done, yuma!
Now you can summon
an xyz monster!
Yeah!
That's what happens when
ya believe, so go now,
I overlay level 3 zubaba
Buster and gagaga girl!
And Now, with the overlay
network in full effect, I'm
gonna full on xyz summon!
And as you're about to see, this
monster really hits the right
chord!
Behold, muzurhythm
the string djinn!
Next I activate the equip spell
giant Hunter and equip it onto
muzurhythm.
Talk about a tune up.
Nice work, yuma.
Now striker cannot use spell or
Trap cards until the battle is
over this turn!
Wait, but that means I'm not
allowed to use offside trap!
That's right, and when a monster
equipped with Giant Hunter
attacks, if I have fewer life
points than you, your monster's
attack points are cut in half!
Aw, there goes my offense.
Next I activate
muzurhythm the string
djinn's ability!
Now, by using One overlay unit,
when muzurhythm battles your
xyz, it's attack
points are doubled.
Talk about strumming up a storm.
Finish him, muzurhythm!
Goal!
Gooooalll!
Yuma Comes from behind
with an unbelievable finish!
Alright Yuma,
way to go, hooray!
Three Cheers for yuma!
You did it, yuma.
You won.
Yeah, but I couldn't have
done it without my teammate.
Thanks astral.
[laughing]
huh?
What gives?
What gives is you were right!
I haven't turned my back on
soccer, it's still my passion.
But it took this duel
to realize that.
Awesome.
And by watching you yuma,
I learned something else.
Teamwork.
I finally saw how
it really works.
Is that so, striker?
Then maybe it's time
you return to the pitch.
And be part of our team, bro.
Do you really mean it?
We sure do, striker.
After all,
we're family, and that's
the closest team of them all.
I realize that now.
And I promise you both
that I'll never forget it.
So ya lost But ya won, too.
Yeah...
but you're always winning when
you believe in your teammates.
I can't thank you enough, yuma.
I'm sure you'll be a
soccer champion in no time.
And you, a duel champion.
All right!
I won my first heart piece!
But I'll need more than that,
to reach the finals
I'll need all five!
So watch out everybody!